Remove DataBundle.tables; instead overwrite DataBundle.data and use new property mode (#238)
glamod/cdm_reader_mapper: CHANGES.rst

Changelog
=========

2.1.0 (unreleased)
------------------
Contributors to this version: Ludwig Lierhammer (:user:`ludwiglierhammer`) and Joseph Siddons (:user:`jtsiddons`)

New features and enhancements
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

* implement both wrapper functions ``read`` and ``write`` that call the appropriate function based on ``mode`` argument (:pull:`238`):

  * `mode` == "mdf"; calls ``cdm_reader_mapper.read_mdf``
  * `mode` == "data"; calls ``cdm_reader_mapper.read_data`` or ``cdm_reader_mapper.write_data``
  * `mode` == "tables"; calls ``cdm_reader_mapper.read_tables`` or ``cdm_reader_mapper.write_tables``

> * optionally, call ``cdm_reader_mapper.read_tables`` with neither source file nor source directory path (:pull:`238`)

Author: ```suggestion
* optionally, call ``cdm_reader_mapper.read_tables`` with either source file or source directory path (:pull:`238`)
```
